c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.Test.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.Test.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.pdb
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FalirSpoleto\App.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.Test.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.Test.pdb
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\App.pdb
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.dll
C:\Users\jgmiranda\Documents\Source\ProjetoAutomacao\App.Test\obj\Debug\App.Test.pdb
